WOMAN: Is this real? Hashtag no filter.
The couple that yogas together
stays together.
Prayer hands emoji.
A perfect day for a perfect wedding.
Hashtag perfect.
So glad I married this weirdo.
Fluttering heart emoji.
Getting the band back together.
Hashtag all the wine.
Yeah, that's how we roll.
Princess emoji.
And the festivities begin.
Twin hearts emoji.
Fairy-tale wedding.
Hashtag about last night.
Happy to be sharing this day
with all my favorite humans.
Hashtag blessed.
(CRIES)
(POP MUSIC PLAYS)
WOMAN: The couple
that yogas together stays together.
A perfect day for a perfect wedding.
Princess emoji.
Yeah, that's how we roll.
All my favorite humans.
Hashtag blessed. All the wine.
Hashtag about last night.
Hashtag perfect. Fairy-tale wedding.
Is this real? Hashtag blessed.
(LAUGHS) I know...
Hi, Charlotte.
Ingrid.
- Congratulations.
- (SCREAMS)
Thanks for inviting me,
you fucking cunt!
(WOMEN SCREAM)
(SCREAMS)
(WAVES CRASH)
INGRID: "Dear Charlotte...
I want you to know
how sorry I am about what happened.
Having this time apart
has been really good for me.
I'm learning how to be present...
How to live in the moment...
How to listen.
Sometimes I'll hear a joke
that reminds me of you.
And I'll feel sad because
I have no way of telling you about it.
But maybe that's OK.
Maybe it's good
to be alone once in a while.
I don't know
what the future holds for me.
I just know
that things are gonna be different now.
And I guess
I just wanted to say thank you.
You're the only person who reached out
to me after my mom died.
And I'll never forget that.
I hope that someday you and I
can look back on all of this and laugh.
Your friend always, Ingrid. "
(ALARM PINGS)
(ALARM STOPS)
(GROANS)
- (CARTOON CHARACTER LAUGHS)
- (LAUGHS)
MAN: You'll f-f-freeze to death
if you stay here!
(TABLETS RATTLE)
(INHALES)
(CAMERA CLICKS)
(swans)
- (TV ON)
- (TAPS PHONE)
(TAPS PHONE)
Taylor Sloane.
Holy shit.
TAYLOR: "Live in the sunshine,
swim in the sea, drink the wild air. "
Ralph Waldo Emerson.
My muse. Hashtag Rothko the dog.
There's science, logic and reason.
- (LAUGHS
- And then there is... California.
Baby, you're a firework.
American flag emoji.
You're so cool.
Hashtag true romance vibes.
(CHEERING AND WHISTLING)
(SOBS)
TAYLOR: Another day, another
avocado toast. Prayer hands emoji.
(BEEPING)
Yeah, I'm just gonna pay someone.
I'm sick of doing it myself.
Oh, my God, you're not gonna believe
who I'm looking at right now.
Ingrid Thorburn.
She just saw me.
I thought she was in an insane asylum.
I know, right? Charlotte had to get
a restraining order against her.
They weren't even friends.
Charlotte just commented
on one of her lnstagrams
and Ingrid went full stalker on her.
She looks bad.
Is she homeless right now? So dark...
(SCRATCHING SOUND)
(CRIES)
(PHONE BUZZES)
TAYLOR:
I wish! Grateful Kitchen, actually.
They're the best. Check it out next time
you're in LA. Winking face emoji.
(INGRID SOBS AND LAUGHS)
Hi, Taylor.
Thank you.
(CAMERA CLICKS)
MAN: Yes, that shit was poppin',
and after a while of me squeezing
on her ass and rubbin' on it,
we went to the crib for some Netflix,
but you ain't paid your subscription.
No, it wasn't nothing like that.
Dude, I gotta call you back.
All right.
Hey. Dan Pinto. Nice to meet you.
Thorburn. Ingrid Thorburn.
OK, Ingrid Thorburn. You like the place?
- Are you the landlord?
- Yeah, sorry to shock you.
I'm the dude lives next door
that you pay your rent to.
The landlord thing is just a side hustle
until I can get my real shit
off the ground.
- You write movies?
- Yeah.
Anything I've seen?
- Like Batman?
- You wrote that?
No, but I am writing a spec script.
It's not authorized.
But it will be a nice instalment
into the franchise.
How much is this place?
2,900 the first two months.
Plus the security deposit. No pets.
- But we are 420 friendly, so, you know.
- Do you take cash?
(INHALES)
- Are you an escort or something?
- No.
Fuck. Are you a drug dealer?
- OK, for real, what do you do?
You got a backpack full of money.
Suspicious.
Yeah, if you really wanna know, my mom
just died and left me a bunch of money.
I didn't mean to offend.
Like, my condolences. I mean...
It's OK. It's all there.
- Thank you.
- Fuck off, Dan. Bye. See you later.
(PHONE BUZZES)
(SCOFFS)
- What's your biggest emotional wound?
- What?
It's our question of the day.
- Oh.
- (MAN CHUCKLES)
Mine's actually
my relationship with my dad.
(LAUGHS AWKWARDLY)
- I'm good, thanks.
- All right.
In that case, welcome
to Grateful Kitchen. My name's Eden.
How can I nourish you today?
I'm meeting a friend for lunch here.
Have you seen her?
Oh, yeah, Taylor Sloane.
Yeah. She comes in all the time.
- I know.
- She was actually here an hour ago.
You said you're meeting her
for lunch or...
Oh! God, I must've
gotten the time wrong. So stupid.
Do you remember what she ordered?
(CAMERA CLICKS)
(CHOKES)
(SPITS)
TAYLOR: Summer chop, courtesy
of the lovely ladies at The Hive, LA.
(PHONE BUZZES)
TAYLOR: New Clare V clutch
got me like... Princess emoji.
TAYLOR: "We tell ourselves stories
in order to live." Joan Didion.
(PHONE PINGS)
DAN: Cauliflower samosa. Game on fleek!
WOMAN 1: They're probably fake.
I think they're conflict free.
WOMAN 2:
Oh, my God! That's gorgeous. (LAUGHS)
Noted!
- WOMAN 2: Did she outsource to China?
- WOMAN 1: No, she makes everything...
Fuck!
Just... Whatever. Just be cool.
Just be... mellow. (SIGHS) It's fine.
- (BOOK CLATTERS)
- Fuck.
Mmm.
(SIGHS) Cool! I think I'm gonna buy it.
- MAN: Excuse me. You can't take that.
- (ALARM BEEPS)
INGRID: Yeah, I know, I was just...
OK, I'll be right out.
- (DOG YAPS)
- What are you doing?
What are you doing here, baby?
Come here.
What's going on? Ooh! What's going on?
(MAN LAUGHS)
Thank you very much!
TAYLOR: I hope they brought
Cards Against Humanity tonight.
MAN: Oh, I know.
I wanna play Mafia again soon.
(CAR STARTS)
- MAN: She pulled that shit.
- TAYLOR: I know! (LAUGHS)
- INGRID: Hi, Rothko.
- (BARKS)
Want a treat?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, good boy. Shh! Good boy.
- (BARKS)
- Shh! Shh!
- INGRID: Stop.
- (KNOCKING AT DOOR)
- (DOG GROWLS)
Be quiet. It's OK. Just be quiet.
(YAP$)
Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up!
(KNOCKING CONTINUES)
- DAN: Yo, Ingrid.
- Fuck!
- Shut...
- (DOG YELPS)
- It's OK. Shut up.
- DAN: I know you're in there.
- INGRID: Coming!
- DAN: Come on.
(KNOCKING CONTINUES)
- DAN: Ingrid!
- INGRID: Shh!
- Hey.
- Yo, what's going on?
- Nothing.
- Yeah?
- You get a new haircut or something?
- Oh, yeah. Yeah. I just...
- When in California...
- Um... Did you get a dog?
No.
It definitely sounds like
there's a dog in here.
Yeah, that's because I was watching
a movie about dogs.
- Oh, what you watching, Beethoven?
- Yes.
You wanna watch it next door?
I got a bubbler.
I got way more food than you got here.
(DOOR CREAKS)
You already have company. I see.
- My friend asked me to dog-sit. OK?
- What did I ask you to do?
No pets. That's all.
My only stipulation.
I'm allergic to dogs, Ingrid.
OK. Um... It's just one night.
He won't go near you and...
He's leaving tomorrow, I promise.
- You leaving tomorrow if he doesn't.
- OK.
(PHONE RINGS)
- MAN: Hello?
- Hello.
Hi, I'm not sure
if I have the right number.
I'm calling about a lost dog
named Rothko.
You have Rothko! Babe,
someone found Rothko! But is he OK?
Yeah, he's...
- He's good.
- Where do you live? I'll come by now.
Oh, um, you know what?
Actually, my... it's not a good time.
I'm running errands, so how about
I just swing on over to you guys
and I'll just drop him off
to Mommy and Daddy, OK?
- Sound good? So I'll be right over.
- OK. Wait, don't you need the address?
Yeah, of course I need the address.
Let me just get a pen.
(CLATTERING)
OK, got one.
- Hi!
- Oh, my God! Thank you so much!
- (DOG YAPS)
- Hey. Oh, it's OK.
It's OK. It's OK.
You're home. You're home.
- Oh, my God! You're a life saver.
- Good boy.
- Hi, I'm Taylor.
- Ingrid.
TAYLOR: Thank you so much!
How's it going?
Where did you find him?
Just a couple of blocks from here.
So weird!
- Oh, sorry! Before I forget. Sorry.
- Oh, you guys have the same purse!
- (LAUGHS)
- That's crazy!
My God! So random.
- Should I make it to "cash"?
- Oh, please, no, I...
- I don't want your money. Please.
- No, come on. We insist, please.
- No, really...
- TAYLOR: Are you sure?
Yes. Yes. He's so cute.
He was just good company.
- Honestly. I'm just glad he's home.
- Are you sure?
- INGRID: Yeah.
- Well...
MAN: We can't let you go empty-handed.
We're making dinner.
Let us make you dinner.
Yes! I love that idea.
You should... Unless you have other plans.
Nope. I'm free.
(TAYLOR AND MAN TALK INDISTINCTLY)
MAN: I haven't seen that in a while.
Here. I do have to apologize
because we've been so stressed out
with Rothko being gone that we haven't
been to the farmers' market yet.
Oh, it's... it's fine.
Yeah, I hope you don't mind
if we improvise a little, huh?
- You know what I mean?
- I don't mind! (LAUGHS)
- I feel like I'm in a restaurant.
- (LAUGHS)
- More like Kitchen Nightmares.
- You wish!
Holy fuck! This is incredible.
- Jesus! This is fucking delicious.
- Have we met before?
- No. No, definitely not.
- 'Cause your face looks so familiar.
Can I use your bathroom?
(CAMERA CLICKS)
TAYLOR:
And so we're learning how to surf
and all of a sudden,
I get stung by a jellyfish.
- No!
- MAN: I thought it was a man o'war.
And then Ezra, he uh... (LAUGHS)
- Yeah, I peed...
- He had to pee on my leg.
- Ew! He did not?
- It was kinda gross but kinda hot, too.
We don't need to redo it,
but it was actually not that bad.
- You wanna re-enact it right now?
- (LAUGHS) No!
You wanna another glass of vino?
- Yeah.
- Top you off?
- Thanks.
- Yeah, you gotta down that baby.
- You want some more of it?
- Hm-hm.
- So, what do you guys do for money?
- I'm a photographer.
Wow. That's amazing.
It's not as glamorous
as it sounds occasionally.
Brands, they pay me
to post things online.
- She's really good.
- Cool.
- Really good, really creative.
- Thanks, baby.
Oh, my God, I know where we met.
Um... It was the Echo Park Craft Fair.
You were selling
those Bolivian clay pots.
- Right, the pots.
- I bought eight.
Not me. Actually, I just moved here.
OK. Maybe you're confusing her
with one of your lnsta-fans.
He's just giving me shit
because I happen to engage
with people on social media
like the rest of the known universe,
and my husband
has a chronic case of technophobia.
- Wow.
- 'Cause he still uses a flip phone.
- No!
- TAYLOR: Yeah!
- INGRID: No, he does not.
- OK, all right, OK. First of all...
Yeah. I got... Stop. Stop.
I just prefer to keep
certain parts of my life private.
That's it. That's all.
And, you know, just let my work
sort of just speak for itself.
- You know, we talked about that.
- Ezra is an artist.
Really? What kinda stuff do you do?
Yeah, I guess
you could label it um... pop art.
That's what I've been kind
of calling it. But I haven't...
I don't like labels.
INGRID: You do the backgrounds as well?
No, no, those are found objects
from flea markets across the US.
Are any of these for sale?
- Uh... Not technically...
- Yes, they are.
- They are.
- Yeah. They are.
How much is this one?
- How much?
- What do we say, $1200?
$1200? About $1200. Yeah.
- Ballpark, $1200.
- Cool. I'll take it.
Do you take cash?
- (CORK POPS)
- (ALL CHEER)
Oopsie, sorry!
- Dos.
- To my baby.
- Tres.
- OK. To our new friend, Ingrid.
Rescuer of dogs.
Patron of the arts. And...
- All around, a really great neighbor.
- Cheers.
Cheers.
- Mmm.
- Um...
So if you need anything...
um... transportation.
- I can bring it over tomorrow.
- No, I can take it tonight.
- Oh, really?
- I'll take it myself.
- You gotta be kiddin' me?
- What's going on?
- Is everything OK?
- Fine. It's just my friend Anha,
she keeps promising to help me take
our trailer to our place in Joshua Tree,
and she just flaked again.
- It's cool. We'll figure it out.
- We'll figure it out.
Who else do we know that has a truck?
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
DAN: OK. OK, one second. Shit.
Yes? Oh, hey. Hey, Ingrid. Hey.
- I need to borrow your truck.
- Oh, the Batmobile?
That's chill. It's fine. Where we going?
IKEA? Home Depot?
No, I actually need it this Saturday.
- No, no can do.
- Just for a couple of hours.
No, my table read for my script
is this Saturday night.
I need it during the day and I'll
have it back before your table read.
- I promise.
- Or whatever.
- Please.
- I don't know.
Please, please, please.
I'll do anything.
Anything?
It's funny you should say that.
The chick we got to play Catwoman
got booked to do this Nickelodeon thing.
And I need a replacement so...
You don't have anyone else
who can do that?
Don't you have another truck
you could use?
Oh! Come on, Catwoman.
Scratch my back. I'll scratch yours.
Deal.
Come here Saturday.
Be here. Six o'clock.
(MIAOWS)
I can't believe you've never been
to Joshua Tree before.
(LAUGHS)
- I know.
- Oh, my God!
We should go the lntegratron
and get a sound bath.
Do you know what that is?
It's, like, so healing and re-grounding.
- It's really incredible.
- Cool.
(LAUGHS) on, my God! What is this?
I had no idea you were so into Batman.
(LAUGHS)
- (BOTH LAUGH)
- I'm not!
(TIRES SQUEAL)
- Hey, hey, hey, chill. Chill.
- We're good.
Oh, my God.
My brother was, like,
obsessed with this movie growing up.
- You've got a brother?
- Yeah, Nicky.
He's amazing. He's, like, so funny
and, like, genius-level smart.
He had a few brushes with the law
but he's totally sober now.
That's good.
(BEEPING)
- Do you think we should pull over?
- No, it's fine.
- It does this thing all the time.
- I'll see if there's a manual or...
- Holy shit! Jesus Christ, Ingrid.
- Oh, my God.
TAYLOR: Oh, my God.
Why do you have a gun in here?
It's not real. It's... Just close it.
It's just to scare people.
It's fine. I don't even...
Who's Daniel Pinto?
I can't believe you didn't tell me
you had a boyfriend.
It's not serious or anything,
that's why.
Is he your drug dealer?
No. He's a screenplay writer.
He writes movies.
Oh, my God. A tortured artist.
I love that.
- (TAYLOR LAUGHS)
- I know. Me too.
How long have you guys been dating?
Like, a week.
You've been dating a week
and he's letting you borrow his truck.
Yeah. Why? Is that weird?
No. Damn, girl. You just...
You move fast. That's incredible.
- What did you do to get that one? Shit.
- I know. I just gave him a blowjob.
(LAUGHS)
You're so funny. I love you so much.
You're amazing.
Oh, my God, you're my favorite person
I've ever met. Oh, my God.
MAN: You're good to go, ladies.
- Engine just needed to cool down a bit.
- You're a saint, Smitty.
- Thank you so much.
Would you mind just snapping
a quick photo of us?
TAYLOR: That would be really great.
- SMITTY: OK.
- TAYLOR: Thank you.
SMITTY: OK, cheese.
Don't smile, and if you hold your bag
down like this, it'll look better.
Even at an angle maybe. Cool.
(CAMERA CLICKS)
OK, here you go.
Thank you.
Sorry, would you mind
just taking a few more?
If you got lower, then you can get
the sign above our heads.
That would be amazing.
Here you go. Thanks, you're the best.
- Just do what I'm doing.
- (CAMERA CLICKS)
TAYLOR: If you just get lower,
that would be better.
You mean on the floor?
- TAYLOR: Yeah, if you can.
- OK.
(GROANS)
- Last one.
- Should we try one with the peace sign?
Yeah.
(CAMERA CLICKS)
TAYLOR:
Oh, my God, I love this time of day.
I'm not sure
if we should paint it or not.
I think I like this color.
I think it's perfect. So nice here.
You really should've seen it
when we bought it, because it was vile.
Ezra and I
did all the renovations ourselves
- which was really special.
- (PHONE PINGS)
He's so great at that.
- We should probably head back soon.
- Are you crazy? We just got here.
I know something we should do.
(SNIFFS AND MOANS)
- Do you do this a lot?
- Not any more.
The last time I did it
was probably Burning Man.
Have you been to Burning Man?
You could join our camp next year.
It'd be really fun.
I'm so happy we're here. Pappy's
is the best. The crowd is a bit sketch
but they always have great live music
and the best desert vibes.
TAYLOR: ls everything OK?
Yeah, totally.
- It's just Dan checking up on me.
- That's really sweet.
Ezra never checks up on me.
- Come on, hurry up.
- Yeah. Now I'm gonna do it too.
- (HITS TRUCK)
- I wanna dance, I wanna dance!
(SNIFFS)
(I BAND PLAYS "RIP IT UP")
- No, to you.
- No, to you. Cheers!
(CAMERA CLICKS)
Shot, shot, shot, shot...
(CHEERING AND WHOOPING)
(SCREAMS)
(I "ALL MY LIFE" BY K-Cl & JOJO)
♪ I will never find another lover
♪ Sweeter than you, sweeter than you
♪ And I will never find another lover
♪ More precious than you,
more precious than you
♪ Girl, you are close to me,
you're like my mother
♪ Close to me, you're like my father
♪ Close to me, you're like my sister
Close to me, you're like my brother
♪ You are the only one
♪ My everything
and for you this song I sing
♪ And all my life
♪ I've prayed for someone like you
♪ And I thank God that I...
- I' That I finally found you
- (BOTH LAUGH)
♪ All my life
♪ I've prayed for someone like you
♪ And I hope that you feel
♪ The same way too
(BOTH SCREAM)
Oh, my God! What the fuck?
- (TIRES SCREECH)
- (HORNS BLARE)
- Dan's gonna kill me.
- OK, you need to relax.
It's just a scratch.
I bet he won't even notice it.
TAYLOR: You can buff that right out.
What do you think
I should say happened?
Um...
Say, like, "Look, I made a mistake."
And I'm sure he'll understand.
You really shouldn't let
a little scratch
ruin an otherwise perfect night.
Yeah, you're so right.
Can I tell you a secret?
Um...
- Yeah.
- (LAUGHS)
Can you see that house over there?
- 22 Flamingo Lane?
- Yeah.
Well, I'm thinking about buying it.
And this is gonna sound
like such a crazy idea,
but I have this dream
of opening a boutique hotel
that's filled with everything I love,
and everything in it's for sale.
So it's gonna be like my lnstagram,
but in real life.
OK, you have to do that, like, now.
- (LAUGHS)
- That's amazing.
I'm thinking about calling it...
Desert D'Or.
- Did you just come up with that?
- No. I wish.
It's from this Norman Mailer book
that I'm obsessed with, The Deer Park.
- The Deer Park...
- Hm-hm.
Could you actually promise
not to say anything to Ezra?
Because I haven't actually talked to him
about it yet.
- Yeah. Why?
- I don't know, like, ever since
I convinced him to quit his job
and become an artist full time,
he's just been, like,
super-weird about money.
But I thought you said
his paintings were popular.
I mean, like, don't get me wrong.
He is absurdly talented.
But he doesn't believe in self-promotion
and he just, like,
thinks it's really phony or something.
I'm sorry, I'm, like, talking at you.
(LAUGHS) You probably think I'm awful.
No. You're perfect.
- Yeah, perfectly fucked up.
- No.
You are by far the coolest,
most interesting person I've ever met.
I'm serious.
My God. Thank you.
You're a really good friend, Ingrid.
We're missing all the shooting stars.
Come on.
(CAMERA CLICKS)
We did it!
(LAUGHS)
Thank you.
INGRID: Thank you.
Oh, and tell Dan
that I'm really sorry about his truck.
But I'm really looking forward
to meeting him.
- OK!
- OK. Bye.
- Bye.
DAN: It's day,
so I don't know where she is.
- Shit! Shit, shit.
- I tried calling her...
INGRID: Hey.
I apologize, you guys.
Sorry for wasting your time.
Yo! Where the fuck were you?
- I'm sorry.
- You sorry?
False alarm, guys. Go on about your day.
- Fuck!
- How was the table read?
I had to cancel it.
No Catwoman, no table read.
- What the fuck is this?
- I know.
Look...
You can probably buff it right out.
- Look at my shit!
- It was an accident, OK? I'm sorry.
I'll pay for it, OK? Some of it.
All of it, OK?
Is there anything else
I need to know about, Ingrid?
- We might have done all your cocaine.
- (WHISPERS) Shut the fuck up.
Thank you, guys. All good.
Thank you for your service.
- What's wrong with you?
- I'm sorry.
I trusted you! I let you live here!
I called the police, worried about you.
I should've been worried
about my fucking truck!
You're supposed to be Catwoman.
You ain't nothing but Two-Face.
You was just looking out for you!
Fuck that. Watch out.
- Dan... It's just a...
- Don't Dan me.
DAN: Damn all that, man.
(PHONE BUZZES)
TAYLOR: Feet on the ground,
head in the skies. Twin ladies emoji.
INGRID: "Dear Charlotte,
you're probably wondering
what I've been up to
these last few weeks.
Well, I decided to give myself a fresh
start in beautiful, sunny Los Angeles.
LA is the best.
I found an amazing house by the beach,
and I'm making a ton of new friends.
My best friend Taylor's been helping me
explore my creative side.
It's a part of me
I never even knew existed."
You need this. You need this
in your house. It'd change everything.
Yeah, totally.
(CAMERA CLICKS)
"I've been getting really
into photography lately.
You should totally follow me
on Instagram.
I have almost a thousand followers
and I'm getting new ones every day.
I have a boyfriend now too.
His name is Daniel
and he's absurdly talented.
He's writing the new 'Batman' movie.
Pretty cool, huh?
Anyway, I hope you're doing well.
I know I am.
It's all thanks to you.
So... no hard feelings.
Your friend, always. "
(MUSIC PLAYS)
Hey! So cute, I love that.
Thanks.
Whose car is parked in the driveway?
Hey, sis? Can you float me some cash?
I had to cancel my credit cards
and I need some clothes for tonight.
TAYLOR: OK. I got it.
- Nicky?
- NICKY: Yeah.
- Why don't you have any clothes, man?
- Who's this?
TAYLOR: Sorry. This is Ingrid.
This is my brother, Nicky. He's just
flown from Paris to surprise us.
- Wow! Paris.
- NICKY: Give me my phone.
- Hi.
- Whassup!
(TAYLOR LAUGHS)
- How long are you here for?
- I was thinking two, three weeks tops.
Uh... Sorry. Two or three weeks?
- It's the best surprise ever.
- Best surprise ever!
(BOTH CHANT) Best surprise ever!
- Give me my phone. Give me it.
- (LAUGHS) No! No! Uh-uh.
Taylor, I brought some rosé!
Oh, my God! This is such a great bottle.
- I know, I thought you liked that kind.
- EZRA: All right, nice.
- EZRA: Cool.
- What's your story, Olga?
It's Ingrid. Do you speak French?
(CAMERA CLICKS)
NICKY: So I'm chilling in the Ritz lobby
and I happen to strike up a conversation
with this Chinese billionaire
named Bruno...
Nicky and I studied Mandarin in college.
Yes, we did. (SPEAKS MANDARIN)
(LAUGHS) Yes!
NICKY: Anyway, the next thing I know,
some security guy comes up
and jacks us up by our throats.
I decided it's a good idea
to take a swing at him, of course, so...
Sorry, I thought you were supposed
to be sober?
I am. I am. Anyway, cops came,
I hitched a ride to the airport.
Then I realized
I left my credit card at the hotel.
But then while I'm chilling at
de Gaulle, guess who's right next to me.
(MIMICS CHINESE ACCENT)
Hello, Nicky san!
- TAYLOR: Are you serious?
- NICKY: Yes!
I'm done. I gotta get another drink.
It's a really good racist story. (BURPS)
- Keep going.
- Does that bother you?
- Can you get another bottle?
- EZRA: Sure. And a new brother.
- Anyway, the little fucker was...
- There's more? I thought you were done.
He was so thankful
for me showing him a good time
that he bought me
a first-class ticket to LA.
- TAYLOR: That's so crazy.
- I watched 12 hours of Family Guy
and got a hand job from this fashion
chick, Harley something or other.
- Harley Chung?
- Yes. Yes. You know her?
Not personally, but she has
over a million followers.
I'm having dinner with her
tomorrow night at Chateau.
- You wanna go?
- TAYLOR: Um, yes! Obviously.
- Yeah! Let's do it.
- (LAUGHS)
Yay! Except that you can't.
Because we're going to that launch
party tomorrow night, remember?
- Littledoe? The hats.
- TAYLOR: Right.
INGRID: I got us on the list.
- Oh, you did?
- Oh, shoot, yeah.
That sounds so good. Am I on the list?
No, sorry.
- INGRID: I could barely get us on.
- Right, right.
Yeah. It's OK. You guys should totally
go. It sounds like a fun, fun time.
It's gonna be so fun.
NICKY: Whatever.
She'll never meet Harley then.
Hey, would you mind if I bail, actually?
'Cause um... Nicky and I,
we never get to hang out and...
Why don't you just go without me?
You should totally bring Dan.
OK.
No problem. You guys have fun.
And I'll bring Dan.
He loves that kinda stuff anyway.
(TV ON)
(TAPS PHONE)
TAYLOR: Hanging with Harley Chung
at the Littledoe launch party.
Sparkle emoji.
- (DANCE MUSIC PLAYS)
- Hey. Oh. Thank you.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
- Taylor!
- lngrid!
Taylor!
Oh, my God, you made it!
Yeah, I made it.
I invited you. You made it.
Harley knows the designers so they got
us VIP passes. Really last minute.
- Hi, nice to meet you.
Olga, where's your imaginary boyfriend?
- What?
- You guys were joking about it too.
No, we were saying that we'd love
to meet Daniel and haven't met him yet.
He just made a joke
about him being imaginary.
- I wasn't joking.
- TAYLOR: We know he's not imaginary.
- I know.
- No, he's not imaginary.
He's just busy tonight.
He's a writer, so...
Oh, really? Like a ghost writer?
NICKY: What? Come on, it's funny.
Why don't you come to Harley's house?
She's house-sitting
for this super-rich dude in the hills.
We'll have a pool party.
You can come this weekend.
- HARLEY: Yeah. Bring Dan.
- This weekend?
- That's right, invite everyone.
- Oh, baby, you should come.
TAYLOR: Yeah, so bring a bathing suit,
lots of sunscreen, a nice hat,
and your boyfriend obviously.
Excuse me, miss, can I have your name?
- Sorry?
- Can I have your name?
- Oh, Ingrid.
- Last name?
- Thorburn.
- Thorburn?
Thorburn. There's no Thorburn
on this list.
- I've been on the list for two weeks.
- She's actually with us.
So, it's totally cool.
So sorry, we got a full house.
It's VIPs only tonight.
Oh, my God, I'm so sorry.
He was so mean.
- You'll have to leave.
- Oh, really?
How about I text you about the weekend
and send you all the information?
- OK.
- Bye!
- What do you want?
- Nothing, I just... came by to say hi.
That's nice. Hi.
- And I got you this.
- What is it?
Open it.
- Nice try, Ingrid.
- What? You don't like it?
No, of course, I love it. That's why
I bought it on eBay two years ago.
- Good looks though.
- There's more. Look.
It's indica. Anybody who knows me
knows I only smoke sativa.
An 8-ball
would've been more appropriate.
Look, I'm trying.
That jacket cost like $400.
8,000 dollars' worth of damage
to my truck.
- I should throw you out.
- OK, I'm sorry.
I did something really shitty.
I took advantage of you
and I feel really bad about it. OK?
I made a mistake.
Can we please start over
and pretend it never happened?
Like a reboot?
OK! Yes.
Like a reboot.
Can I take you to dinner?
Can I pick the place?
Jim Carrey as the Riddler?
That should make you wanna go see it.
Kilmer, Val Kilmer.
He could kill everybody
in this fucking room right now.
- Homie Joel? Joel Schumacher.
- Joel Schumacher.
Yes, he was the best Batman, for sure.
- Me too, I...
- No, he's the director.
Joel. You like this place?
- Yeah, it's cool.
- Chill spot. I mean, I know I like it.
- Do you come here a lot?
- Way too often.
- They'd charge me rent if they could.
- WOMAN: Dan?
- Hey! Cindy. How are you?
- I'm so good, how are you?
DAN: You're looking well.
CINDY: It's so long since I've seen you.
- DAN: You know, just working.
- CINDY: You're a busy man.
Hey, we're on a date.
- Oh, um... Sorry.
- All right.
- (SLURPS DRINK)
- Oh.
Catwoman has claws. I like that.
- Why do you like Batman so much?
- What's not to like about Batman?
I'm sorry, it's just...
I don't understand.
He's just another superhero
like Spider-Man or Superman...
Batman is the world's
greatest detective.
Nothing radioactive bit him.
He's not from another planet.
He's just like you or I.
All Batman's powers
come from within him.
He had enough will and enough focus
to make himself greater
than what he was.
And...
In the beginning, before he's Batman,
he loses his parents.
That definitely stuck with me.
As an orphan, I definitely felt
a connection towards him.
Oh, my God. You're an orphan?
- I'm so sorry.
- It's fine.
He made it through.
I'll make it through.
What happened to your parents?
It was a car accident. Yeah.
It happened when I was a kid,
so I didn't know how to cope with it.
So, at school, I would wear a Batman
mask. Make everybody call me Bruce.
Pretend to be somebody else so it was
like it happened to somebody else.
What about you? What about you?
What's your story?
Um, yeah.
I don't really like Batman that much.
No, no.
With your mom. What's your story
with your mom? What happened?
She had a heart attack.
I mean, she was sick before that.
You guys were close?
We were really close.
I lived with her. And um...
It's just been really hard.
Because it was kinda like
I lost my best friend.
- Oh, yeah.
- Oh, my God. I'm so sorry.
Getting too intense. I'm sorry.
You must think I'm the worst. I'm not.
- Don't worry about all that.
- I'm sorry.
Don't even talk to me about that.
You don't ever have to apologize to me
about how you're feeling.
It may seem like I don't care.
I put up a front.
But I definitely care about you.
Why?
I mean... I don't know.
It's just you have
a different kind of ring to you.
You have a different kind of shine.
And I think somebody needs to appreci...
(MIAOWS)
(msses)
(INGRID MIAOWS)
(BOTH GROAN)
(GASPS)
Fuck me, Bruce.
(INGRID GASPS)
- Fuck me, Bruce.
- Tell me Gotham needs me.
INGRID: Gotham needs you. Now.
You were great, by the way.
No one's ever done that for me before.
- You were great too.
- Thank you, baby.
Hey, so, my friends are renting
a house this weekend...
Hm-hm.
They're having a party or something.
Do you wanna come with me?
- Oh, yeah?
- Hmm.
Of course, baby.
You're the best.
Hurry up, we're gonna be late.
Do I gotta wear this shit
buttoned up all the way?
- Yes, it looks better. Don't be a baby.
- I'm not being a baby.
Stop that!
Don't do that in front of everybody.
- All right, come on.
- Wait. Wait.
- A couple of ground rules. OK?
- OK.
I need you to tell everyone
that you're my boyfriend.
It's a long story, but I just need you
to say that to everyone.
I get it. I see that you dig me,
I dig you, I'll be your boyfriend.
OK, whatever. And also, no Batman talk.
What should I talk about?
I don't know these people.
Something cool,
like food or clothes or Joan Didion.
DAN: OK.
Don't talk about comic books.
These people don't care
about stuff like that.
Anything else?
Yes. Whatever you do,
just stay away from Nicky.
- Who's Nicky?
- Nicky is Taylor's brother.
He's a fucking liar, a drug addict
and just not to be trusted.
- Olga, what's up?
- Hey!
- Who's that?
- This is Dan Pinto.
My imaginary boyfriend.
- Dan Pinto?
- Yeah.
My sister says you're obsessed
with Batman.
Y... Yeah.
Oh! Get the fuck out!
Olga, why didn't you tell me?
I fucking love Batman!
Nicky. Great to meet ya!
(HUMS BATMAN TV SERIES TUNE)
NICKY: Harley!
(LAUGHS)
(CAMERA CLICKS)
(SQUEALS)
(LAUGHS)
Anybody need a beer?
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
What's your problem with Nick?
Why don't you like him? He seem chill.
He's not chill. OK?
And he doesn't like you.
He's only being nice to you
to fuck with me.
Damn. Excuse me, can he like me
for my personality? Shit!
- Is everything OK?
- Everything is chill.
We're just talking about how
amazing this house is, right?
- It's a dope spot.
- NICKY: Pinto!
Get your ass over here!
I got a Cohiba with your name on it.
All right, Nick. I'll be right over.
Just between us,
Nicky can't stop talking about you.
- He has a little bit of a man crush.
- (ALL LAUGH)
- Bye.
Bye. (LAUGHS)
What is this? Why are you acting like
this? You don't even like these people.
- I do like them.
- Tell me when Ingrid gets here.
- Where's the hat I gave you?
- This is the hat you gave me.
- No, it's not.
- OK, that shit was weak.
I've got the floral shirt.
You let me roll up the sleeves.
Let me get
a little bit of Dan in it. Please.
Fine. You can leave on the hat
and go hang out with them.
Just don't embarrass me.
- I'll go talk about some Batman.
- Don't!
- Love you!
- Love you.
EZRA: So the other day
I was at this tech start-up thing.
They had the most absurd art on the wall
that you have ever seen.
I gotta be honest,
it bugged me a little bit
because it's like, "What statement
are you trying to make?"
Is it that, as a company, you're trying
to say that you have good taste?
You know, like,
that's fucking bullshit, man.
You can't acquire taste.
It's something that you have to earn,
you gotta be in pain over it.
Do you have something
that you'd like to say, Nicky?
You wanna share with the class?
You wouldn't say that if they hung
one of your paintings on the wall.
First of all, I would,
- because I'm an objective person.
- (NICKY SNORTS)
It's not what I'm even talking about.
That's everything
you were talking about.
No. Come on, babe, back me up.
Well, I mean, I kind of agree with Nicky
'cause you always say
that art is subjective.
- Wow.
- What?
Oh, come on, I was just
being honest with you, man. Ooh.
- That was uncalled for.
- I know what you meant.
HARLEY: So Nicky tells me
you have a place in Joshua Tree.
- TAYLOR: Yeah. Have you been?
- HARLEY: No, but I'm dying to go.
- You should, it's amazing.
- I've been thinking
of doing a pop-up out there
for our resort collection.
Wait. So, can I tell you a secret?
- Uh-huh.
- OK.
This is gonna sound crazy,
but my biggest dream is
to buy the house that's next door to us
and turn it into this boutique hotel
where everything in it's for sale.
- HARLEY: Oh, nice!
- TAYLOR: I'm gonna call it Desert D'Or.
HARLEY: I love that.
- What are you doing?
- Nothing.
- Everything OK?
- Yeah. Just go over there.
- Hey!
- Hi.
Do you guys need help with anything?
No, actually,
I think that we're fine in here.
- Cool.
- TAYLOR: Yeah.
Oh, my God, I wanted to tell you
that I read The Deer Park.
- The book you're obsessed with?
- Yeah. It's great, isn't it?
- If you ever want to talk about...
- Oh, my God.
Why don't you and Nicky come out
next weekend?
We'll take you to Pappy's.
The crowd's a little sketchy,
but they have the best live music
and the greatest desert vibes.
INGRID: Ezra?
Hey. Have you seen my phone?
Can't find it anywhere.
Nope.
What are you doing?
I went skinny dipping.
Alone?
Yeah.
You OK?
I'm not an artist.
- I'm a fucking charlatan.
- No, you're not.
- Your paintings are awesome.
- You're my only sale.
But Taylor said
they were really popular.
She would say that, wouldn't she? Yeah.
Everything's the best with her.
"Have you been to this new restaurant?
It's the best!
Have you tried these...
These new clothes are the best!
It's the best! It's the best!
It's the best!"
It's not the fucking best.
It's fucking exhausting.
You know what? I know what you mean.
When we were in Joshua Tree,
she told me this secret,
and she told me not to tell anyone.
But I walked in on her telling Harley
the same exact thing earlier.
What secret?
I mean, obviously don't tell her
that I'm telling you,
but I guess she has a plan
to buy the house next door to you guys,
and turn it into some hotel slash store.
And she wants to call it Desert D'Or.
- Desert... Desert D'Or?
- Yeah.
It's a reference to her favorite book,
you know, The Deer Park?
The Deer Park is my favorite book.
Taylor's never even read it.
I miss the old Taylor.
Back when she first moved here,
she didn't know anybody.
She was, like,
this total preppy sorority chick.
(LAUGHS) Yeah.
EZRA:
I miss when it was just the two of us.
I'm sorry. I don't mean to burden you.
- No, don't be sorry. It's OK.
- I'm just...
Sometimes I don't feel like I really
have anybody that I can talk to.
- You know?
- Yeah.
Especially with fucking Nicky around.
(EZRA GRUNTS)
(NICKY HUMS)
Hey! Olga, come on in.
(MUSIC PLAYS)
- Nose beer for the lady?
- I'm good.
(SNIFFS)
(YELPS)
- What's up?
- Nicky, where's my phone?
Phone?
- Come on. I know you took it.
- (LAUGHS)
- Did you?
- You caught me!
(LAUGHS)
- Give it back.
- No. Stay, stay...
- Come on, just give it back.
- Don't reach towards me.
Sit down.
You know, it's um...
It's really funny
what you can discover about someone
by just going through their phone.
Oh, here. Look, this is... a picture
of you in my sister's bathroom.
Weird.
Here's a picture
of her medicine cabinet.
Here is a picture of her sleeping.
There are a lot of those.
- That's...
- Those are just a joke.
- We were messing around.
- (LAUGHS)
Actually, my favorite things
are the notes. You have uh...
Taylor's favorite brunch spot,
Taylor's favorite books,
Taylor's favorite movies.
- OK, why are you...?
- Sit the fuck down!
Sit the fuck down.
- What do you want?
- Me?
Nothing.
I'm just looking out for my sister.
What do you want?
Look, I'm not a psychopath or anything.
- I just... want to be her friend.
- Come on!
Your password to your phone
is my sister's birthday.
That's like Single White Female shit.
Look, I just moved here,
I don't know anyone,
and Taylor has been so nice to me,
telling me all the best places to go...
I'm not doing anything wrong.
OK? So please don't tell her.
Sorry, Olga, but this is...
It's just too good to let go. I mean...
You're fucked.
I'm gonna make a deal with you. I'm not
gonna give you your phone back. Um...
But I'm willing to rent it out to you
for a very small fee.
- How much?
- 5,000 a month.
Disco Dan told me about your mom
and the sack full of cash.
Ridiculous.
I don't have that kind of money.
- OK, Taylor!
- Don't do that. Please don't do that.
- Just...
- Oh.
You're ready to make a deal then?
5,000 a month, and I won't tell her
how much of a fucking loser you are.
- I'll give you 5,000, that's it.
- You don't have any room to negotiate.
I own you.
Fine.
Good. So, tomorrow night, we'll meet
at the Whole Foods parking lot.
Gives you 24 hours to get the cash.
And um...
Don't worry about deleting anything.
I forwarded the good stuff to myself.
Ooh! This is my favorite part
of the song!
Mmm!
(GRUNTS)
(PHONE PINGS)
- BOY 1: Oh, my God!
- BOY 2: What the hell's in that?
You look cool with that piece of shit!
(LAUGHS)
BOY 1: What, do you have Barbie dolls?
'Cause you got fucking ripped off.
I don't need to know how much
you paid for this shit.
- INGRID: Excuse me.
- Yeah?
I'll give one of you 200 bucks
if you punch me in the face.
(ALL LAUGH)
- I'm serious.
- Fuck off.
OK, that's cool.
If you pussies can't handle it,
I'll find someone else who can.
- (LAUGHS) Dude, come on.
- All right, fuck it. I'll do it.
- What?
- BOY 1: I said I'll do it.
OK, great.
- Hell, yeah, man!
- Where's the money?
- You sure about this, right?
- Yeah.
BOY 2: She's kinda hot.
As hard as you can. Punch me.
Really hard, right in the face.
Fucking... (YELLS)
- Oh, shoot!
- Fucking...
Shut up!
- BOY 2: Oh, shit.
- (CRIES)
You got fucked up.
I need to know what happened,
I need every detail.
(SOBS) When I got home, I turned
the lights on and Nicky was there.
I swear to God.
He was sitting there waiting for me,
and he was fucked up on drugs or drunk
or something, I don't know.
And I asked him for my phone back.
He wouldn't give it back to me.
And then he said he wanted $50,000.
. $?$:)SO!O?
I told him
I didn't have that kind of money,
but he said that you told him about
the money my mom gave me. Is that true?
I don't know.
We were drinking this shitty...
He kept asking me fucking questions.
Why the fuck would you do that?
I told you how dangerous he is.
- It doesn't sound like Nick.
- You've known him for one day.
- So how would you know?
- I don't know.
I've seen him do dirt,
we were supposed to go to Six Flags.
- Fuck! We gotta call him.
- No.
- What do you mean, no?
- No! Don't call him. Don't call him.
He told me that if I told anyone,
he would kill me.
- Don't try that shit.
- You don't know what he's capable of.
I don't give a fuck, Ingrid! Look at
your face! What am I supposed to do?
Look... Shh!
(INGRID BREATHES HEAVILY) Look...
We need to be smart about this, OK?
I need you to be Batman.
I am Batman.
- We won't kill this dude, right?
- No. We'll just scare him a little bit.
We'll take him out to the desert.
You tell him that if he doesn't
leave me alone, you'll kill him.
- We should call the police.
- No, no, come on!
- This shit just seems sca...
- Hey! Keep it together.
I thought you were Batman.
I am Batman.
Batman don't do shit like this.
I arrest people
and take them to Arkham Asylum.
They get out a few months later.
- And the cycle continues.
- He deserves this.
- You saw my bruise. He fucked me up.
- That's right.
He... He fucking hit you.
(EXHALES)
Tupac said there'd be days like this.
- All right, let's...
- Wait.
Love you.
Shit.
(GRUFF VOICE) Don't move.
NICKY: Did you guys think this through?
I don't think you did.
This should be behind the back.
Just pointing it out.
Sad, but don't worry.
I'm good. I'll stay down.
You know what?
I was thinking about this.
Who would really want to kidnap me?
There's not many people
except maybe um...
Olga.
Olga, is that you?
Who you got helping ya?
Hello?
I never knew I get car sick.
Well, I do have a bag over my head.
- DAN: Shut the fuck up.
- NICKY: Gentle.
Oh, shit, really?
God, is this really necessary?
Listen! Leave Ingrid Thorburn
the fuck alone.
OK, come on.
Come on, baby, you can do this.
You know this bag is see-through?
Fuck!
(GRUNTS)
(YELLS)
No, no, no. Don't shoot me.
(GROANS)
Motherfucker, you shot me!
- (CHOKES)
- You drag me out to the fucking desert
with a fucking paintball gun?
(PUNCHING SOUNDS)
- INGRID: Stop!
- (METALLIC THUD)
(CLANK)
(BEEPING)
(PHONE VIBRATES)
- Hey.
- TAYLOR: Hey. Um...
This is gonna sound weird,
but have you heard from Nicky at all?
No, why? ls everything all right?
Not really. We haven't heard from him
since yesterday.
- His phone may be dead.
- Maybe he flew back to Paris.
Yeah. Yeah, maybe.
I don't know.
I'm just worried about him.
I'm sure he's fine.
But do you wanna grab a coffee and talk?
No, I can't, not right now. Shit!
Sorry, my mom's calling me. I gotta go.
- OK. I'm at...
- (PHONE GOES DEAD)
TAYLOR: Last-minute escape to J Tree.
Hashtag blue.
Hello?
(PHONE BUZZES)
TAYLOR: It's five o'clock somewhere.
(PHONE RINGS)
- EZRA: Hello?
- Hey! Wasn't expecting you.
- Where are you guys?
- We're at dinner.
Oh, cool. Yeah, it's so weird.
I know you guys are in Joshua Tree
and I'm actually here, randomly,
on a yoga retreat.
- So I figured we could all...
- We're not in Joshua Tree.
- You're not?
- Taylor doesn't wanna see you any more.
- Put Taylor on the phone.
- She doesn't want to talk to you.
OK. Um...
Should I call back tomorrow?
Is that a better time?
Nicky told us everything.
About the phone, the kidnapping.
If he hadn't tried to blackmail you,
you would be in jail right now.
- Ezra, wait.
- Don't call here again.
- (PHONE GOES DEAD)
- Hello?
(PHONE RINGS)
VOICEMAIL: Hey. You've reached Taylor.
Leave a message.
Hey, it's Ingrid. So I just had,
like, the weirdest call with Ezra.
And I just feel like
we should talk about this.
I don't know what Nicky told you guys,
but the fact is, he's definitely lying.
I mean, he was probably drunk
or something so...
I don't know, but it sounded so insane.
Call me back so we can talk about it.
OK? Please call me back. It's Ingrid.
VOICEMAIL: Hey. You've reached Taylor.
Leave a message.
- (PHONE BEEPS)
- Hey! Me again. Um...
Haven't heard back
so I'm starting to worry.
This isn't like you.
Call me back, OK? OK.
VOICEMAIL: Hey. You've reached Taylor.
Leave a message.
Hey, it's me again.
Remember me? Ingrid?
Ingrid, patron of the arts.
Ingrid, with the truck.
Ingrid, who saved
your fucking dog's life!
The least you could do is
pick up your phone, you bitch!
(CLATTER)
VOICEMAIL: Hey. You've reached Taylor.
Leave a message.
- (PHONE BEEPS)
- Hey, it's me.
I was totally kidding
about all those messages I just left!
It was a joke. Gotcha! (LAUGHS)
Yes, I'm so angry at you.
It's me, Ingrid, I'm mean. (LAUGHS)
I'm just kidding. So...
Anyway, I'm gonna be around
probably for another hour.
I have one more thing to do.
So give me a call.
(PHONE RINGS)
Oh, my God,
that's you calling in. Hello?
EZRA: Listen to me, you psycho.
If you don't stop this shit
right fucking now,
I'm calling the fucking cops,
do you understand?
It's three in the fucking morning.
Just leave us the fuck alone!
(PHONE GOES DEAD)
VOICEMAIL: The voicemail box
you're trying to reach is full
and cannot accept new messages.
Goodbye.
Oh, no. No.
MAN: You OK, miss?
- I'm fine.
- It's pretty hot out today.
- You might want to get inside.
- I said I'm fine!
OK, all right. Whatever you say.
See that house over there?
TAYLOR: 22 Flamingo Lane.
Which piece of property
is it you're interested in?
- 22 Flamingo Lane.
- OK.
Unfortunately the people that live
next door already put an offer on it.
No.
I've got several other pieces of
property I'd be happy to show to you.
That's $50,000.
You can count it.
MAN ON PHONE: You need a credit card
or checking account to open an account.
- INGRID: I have an account.
- That belonged to the previous tenant.
- You have to open a new account.
- Can you give me one more week?
If you don't open
an account in 24 hours,
we'll have to shut off your power.
We do offer a payment plan
in case of a financial hardship.
Fuck you, OK? Fucking asshole.
(BANGING)
Fuck. You piece of shit.
It's not enough.
Wanna take something off?
Can I just have it, man?
Come on. It's Halloween.
Nah.
Fine!
Oh, fuck.
Come on!
No! Come on! What the fuck?
(SCREAMS) Goddamn it!
(POP MUSIC PLAYS IN DISTANCE)
(I "OBSESSION" BY ANIMOTION)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
EZRA: I got a job back East and we're
looking into selling the house.
Yeah, Ezra's gonna be
a concept designer for Levi's.
EZRA: Yeah, yeah.
Excited about the opportunity.
- (MUSIC STOPS)
- INGRID: Watch it, you fucking dick!
TAYLOR: Ingrid?
You... I... I literally just saw you.
(MAKES WEAK GHOSTLY WAILING SOUND)
What the fuck is she doing?
Boo!
Happy Halloween.
- What the fuck are you doing here?
- NICKY: No way. This bitch again?
- Piece of shit. I'm calling the cops.
- INGRID: No! You don't have to do that.
I'm not gonna hurt anyone.
I'm not gonna do anything, OK?
I promise.
I just needed to charge my phone.
You're not welcome here.
Get the fuck off my property.
- Can we just talk about this?
- I have nothing to say to you.
Please, just give me five minutes, OK,
and I promise I'll leave you alone.
I just... I just wanna talk about it.
- Let me handle this, OK?
- No, it's fine, baby. It's OK.
TAYLOR: Five minutes? That's it?
OK.
TAYLOR: Come on.
(swans)
OK, are you gonna say
what you wanted to say?
Why are you acting like that?
It's just me, Ingrid.
I'm sorry. Are you...
Are you actually insane?
Because you do know that Nicky
almost died because of you, right?
I thought we were friends.
We had so much fun together.
Oh, my God.
Ingrid! (LAUGHS) We were never friends
because everything about you
is such a fucking lie!
You are some weird freak
that found me on lnstagram.
And that's basically all this has been.
Everything about me is a lie?
OK, well...
What?
Everything about you
is a fucking lie, OK?
- It is.
- OK.
Your brother is a drug addict.
Your husband is an alcoholic
who fucking hates you.
You pretend to be some cool LA chick
but you're full of shit.
Ezra told me everything, OK?
He told me that when you moved here,
you were lame and basic,
and you had no friends.
You were just like me.
(LAUGHS) You know what, Ingrid? Um...
I was uh... actually never like you.
Because you are a sad and pathetic
and very sick person.
And you need professional help.
Game over.
You forgot something.
TAYLOR: Whoo,
sorry about that, everyone!
Everything's OK. Everything's cool.
(LAUGHS)
Hey, guys. It's me, Ingrid.
(swans)
I've never done this before, but...
I didn't have anyone else to talk to
so I figured, why not?
I just wanted to tell you guys that...
basically everything I've posted
in the last couple of months
is a total lie.
I haven't been living
some glamorous life in LA.
I'm just...
a loser.
I'm pathetic.
(VOICE BREAKS) And I know
there's something wrong with me, but...
I don't know how to fix it
and I don't know how to change.
And I just don't think I can change.
So maybe I'm just...
Maybe this is just who I am.
And maybe I'm just tired of
trying to make people like me.
And I'm tired of pretending
like I'm someone I'm not.
And I'm tired of being alone.
And I'm just...
I'm just tired of being me
so... I just...
feel like...
(SOBS)
If you don't have anyone
to share anything with,
then what's the point of living?
Yeah, so I guess
I'm just making this video
so you guys can see the real me
at least once.
So here I am.
(SNIFFS)
(KISSES HAND)
(TABLETS RATTLE)
WOMAN: Ingrid.
Ingrid.
Ingrid. Ingrid.
Ingrid, can you hear me?
There she is.
- Where's my phone?
- Take it easy.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Take it easy.
You've been through a lot.
It's OK.
What's all that stuff?
NURSE: Apparently,
you've got a lot of fans out there.
(WHIRRING SOUND)
As a matter of fact,
one of them is here to see you.
Hey, what's up, Ingrid?
NURSE: Dan's the reason
you're still with us.
He saw your video online and called 911.
- You're a lucky girl.
- DAN: Batman to the rescue.
The usual.
Can you give us a minute?
Like the new whip? I know, I'm shining.
It's not the Batmobile, but it'll do.
I asked for black, but...
they out of black.
(LAUGHS)
I like it.
Baby, where did you go?
Why did you leave?
I mean, are you gonna disappear on me
again in another three weeks?
Yeah, yeah.
How you feeling?
- I feel stupid.
- Don't say that. Why so serious?
DAN: Come on. Nobody wants to see this.
It's OK. I know what'll cheer you up.
Oh, I'm fine, by the way.
Take a look. Go ahead.
Your little suicide video went viral.
Your face is all over the internet.
DAN: Look at them.
Thousands and thousands and thousands.
You're an inspiration, babe.
You have a hashtag.
Hashtag I am Ingrid.
MAN: Praying for your recovery.
God loves you.
WOMAN 1: Hola, Ingrid. Soy de Guatemala.
WOMAN 2: You're an inspiration.
(NUMEROUS VOICES SPEAK AT ONCE)
MAN: You're too good to do that
to yourself. You're fucking beautiful.
WOMAN 3: Hashtag I am Ingrid.
Subtitles: BTI Studios
English sou